client id 0, enters barbershop
client id 0, at barber chair
client id 2, enters barbershop
barber done haircut
client id 3, enters barbershop
client id 3, at barber chair
client id 0, done
barber done haircut
client id 2, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 3, done
client id 1, enters barbershop
client id 2, done
client id 4, enters barbershop
client id 4, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 4, done
client id 1, at barber chair
client id 5, enters barbershop
barber done haircut
client id 6, enters barbershop
client id 1, done
client id 5, at barber chair
client id 7, enters barbershop
barber done haircut
client id 5, done
client id 6, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 6, done
client id 7, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 7, done
client id 9, enters barbershop
client id 9, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 10, enters barbershop
client id 9, done
client id 10, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 11, enters barbershop
client id 10, done
client id 11, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 8, enters barbershop
client id 11, done
client id 8, at barber chair
barber done haircut
client id 8, done
